# Numisma Product backlog

## Alpha Version Epics

### - [x] [EPIC-01: Login System](epics/epic-01-login-system.md)

Description: Create a secure authentication system that allows existing users
to access their accounts. Implement Next.js app router integration with
next-auth.

Business Value: Fundamental security feature that protects user data and
provides personalized experiences.

### - [ ] [EPIC-02: Home Page](epics/epic-02-home-page.md)

Description: Develop the main application page that serves as the central hub
for navigating to all major features. Implement quick-view stats, recent
activity, and navigation to all key areas.

Business Value: Provides users with an immediate overview of their financial
status and easy access to all application features.

### - [ ] EPIC-03: Portfolio Selector

Description: Build an interface allowing users to create, view, and switch
between multiple investment portfolios. Include filtering, sorting, and
quick-access features.

Business Value: Enables users to organize investments by strategy, timeframe, or
other criteria for better portfolio management.

### - [ ] EPIC-04: Create New Portfolio

Description: Develop a form-based interface for users to create new portfolios
with customizable names, descriptions, and initial parameters.

Business Value: Allows users to segregate investments based on different
strategies or goals, improving organization and focused analysis.

### - [ ] EPIC-05: Portfolio Summary

Description: Create a comprehensive overview screen displaying portfolio
performance metrics, asset allocation, and key financial indicators. Include visualization components for performance trends.

Business Value: Provides critical insights into portfolio performance, helping
users make informed investment decisions.

### - [ ] EPIC-06: Positions List

Description: Implement a filterable, sortable list view of all positions
within a portfolio. Include key metrics for each position and quick-access
actions.
Business Value: Enables users to quickly assess and compare the status of all investments within a portfolio.

### - [ ] EPIC-07: Position Details

Description: Build a detailed view for individual positions showing
comprehensive metrics, orders, performance history, and management tools.

Business Value: Provides deep insights into specific investments, supporting
detailed analysis and informed decision-making.

### - [ ] EPIC-08: Create New Position

Description: Develop a guided interface for adding new positions to portfolios, including asset selection, entry details, risk parameters, and thesis
documentation.

Business Value: Streamlines the process of tracking new investments while
encouraging disciplined investment approach.

### - [ ] EPIC-09: Position Manager

Description: Create an interface for managing existing positions, including
tools for adding orders, setting stop-losses, take-profits, and updating
position status.

Business Value: Enables users to implement and adjust their trading strategies effectively.

## MVP Epics

### - [ ] EPIC-10: User Profile

Description: Build a user profile management interface where users can update
personal information, preferences, notification settings, and connection
options.

Business Value: Provides personalization capabilities and account management
features essential for user retention.

### - [ ] EPIC-11: Auth Reset

Description: Implement password reset and account recovery functionality with
secure verification workflows.

Business Value: Critical security feature that reduces support overhead and
improves user experience when access issues occur.

### - [ ] EPIC-12: Sign Up

Description: Create a streamlined account creation process with email
verification, initial setup, and security measures.

Business Value: Essential for user acquisition and expanding the user base.

### - [ ] EPIC-13: Onboarding

Description: Develop a guided introduction process for new users, helping them
set up their first portfolio and understand key application features.

Business Value: Reduces time-to-value for new users and increases likelihood of continued engagement.

### - [ ] EPIC-14: Landing/Waitlist

Description: Build a public-facing landing page showcasing application features, benefits, and allowing interested users to join a waitlist for access.

Business Value: Serves as a marketing tool and creates a pipeline of potential
users.

## Backlog Epics

### - [ ] EPIC-15: Mental State Dashboard

Description: Create a specialized dashboard for tracking trader psychology,
emotional states during trading, and correlation with performance outcomes.

Business Value: Helps users understand how psychological factors affect their
trading decisions and performance.

### - [ ] EPIC-16: Trading Journal

Description: Implement a structured journaling system for recording trading
thoughts, strategies, and lessons learned with position linking capabilities.

Business Value: Encourages reflection and continuous improvement in trading
approach.

### - [ ] EPIC-17: Performance Report

Description: Develop comprehensive reporting tools for analyzing performance
across various timeframes, with comparison features and exportable reports.

Business Value: Provides deep analytical capabilities for performance review and strategy refinement.

### - [ ] EPIC-18: Create New Perspective

Description: Build functionality for creating custom views and analysis
approaches for portfolios based on user-defined criteria and metrics.

Business Value: Allows for personalized analysis based on individual trading
approaches and strategies.
